{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6365669}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author King Family}{\operator King Family}{\creatim\yr2006\mo3\dy18\hr21\min34}{\revtim\yr2006\mo3\dy18\hr21\min35}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords378}{\nofchars2157}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws2530}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6365669 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669 Ghostbusters Nametag TTF for PC
\par 
\par This font was created based on the nametags seen in }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669 Ghostbusters}{\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669  and }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669 Ghostbusters II}{\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669 
.  The first appeared to be a custom font made by the costume department and the second an unknown machined font.  The nametags have never been marketed and will probably qualify as public domain after 20 years and 10 respectively.  Neither 
have been used for official Ghostbusters merchandise.
\par 
\par The font is testware which means it is free of use without charge for non commercial purposes.  If you wish to use it for commercial purposes you must seek the permission of the creator, Ben King (Contact via kingpin1055@hotmail.com)
\par 
\par This zip film must be kept intact in addition to the readme as it contains details on the limitations and best use of the font within Adobe software.
\par 
\par 
\par --- OPERATION/CONDITIONS ---
\par 
\par 1) This font is created for public/non c
ommercial use only.  This includes unlicenced use for prop replicas and official material from said material's copyright owner.  Any use of this font for commercial purposes must be cleared with the creator.  The creator holds final say on the use of the 
font for commercial purposes unless a higher authority state so.
\par 
\par 2) The font shall not be included in compilation CDs or commercial albumns without the expressed permission of the creator, and if sold on an albumn for profit then the appropriate portion of total sales profit must be returned to the creator.
\par 
\par 3) This font is free for distribution as long as no fee is charged (Or if charged, the creator is given the appropriate royalties).
\par 
\par 4) The creator offers no warrenty.  This font is Testware and as such may exibit problems.  The creator is not resonsponsible for any damage the font might incur.
\par 
\par 5) The supplier cannot be held responsible for any problems caused by the downloading and installation of the font.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 1) Once downloaded, simply install the font into your 'Font' folder and then allow a restart to ensure it is fully integrated.
\par 
\par 2) For use in Photoshop, the 'Sharp', 'Crisp'; 'Strong' and 'Smooth' settings are recommended for the anti aliasing.
\par 
\par 3) If you are attempting to import the font into Photoshop from a Illustrator file, you must use the 'Create Outlines' option before importing or the lettering will not appear correctly.  (Thanks to }{\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669 Dave Spier}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid6365669  for help in relation to the font being used in Illustrator)
\par 
\par 4) The font works perfectly fine in Adobe Illustrator, but please see the above issue for details on use within projects that work in both Photoshop and Illustrator.
\par }}